Greetings!
As his class advisor in Harbin Huade University where Li Bo studied， I am writing this letter with enthusiasm to recommend Li Bo for his application for studying postgraduate program in Computer Science in your university.
I knew him since 2008 when he attended our class as an undergraduate. He was trustworthy and honest. He studied really hard especially in the next few years of his stay in the university. I found him very eager to try something new and did a lot of effort to make it through.	

He always worked hard for everything.  There was a thing that made me impressed about his standard Chinese. He lived in a small city where the people speak dialect and that was also he used to speak for quite a long time. But when he came to the city where people speak standard Chinese, he realized that it was important and necessary to speak standard Chinese as well. So, he practiced speaking standard Chinese every day and everywhere. Mostly, the snow is often very heavy in our city, so he went to the playground in the snow to practice loudly. In this way, he couldn’t disturb his roommate in his dormitory. Finally after his persistent practice, he is able to speak standard Chinese well until now.
	In addition to that, he had many new ideas and he has strong interest in technology. He got many rewards in the university. At the first academic year, he was the leader of the team that took part in our university science and technology innovation competition. At that time, he applied for the competition, organized the team, discussed with each other in the team and so on. Lastly, they finished the technology product and won the competition. Then, the next few academic years, he always took part in science and technology competition and got rewards respectively.
Although his average academic score is not high, only about 73, I still think he was a good student. He always worked hard and tried to have new ideas, like science and technology products and made innovations from it.
I believe he is qualified to study the program in Computer Science, and he can finish the master’s degree. Therefore, I highly recommend him to enroll in your university. I hope you can think about his application.

Yours Sincerely, 
Wangxin
Class Advisor
Harbin Huade University




