Dear admission committee:
	As his advisor in the class in the Harbin Huade University which Li Bo studied， I am writing with enthusiasm to recommend Li Bo for his application for studying postgraduate program Computer Science in your university.
	I knew him since 2008 while he came into my class as an undergraduate. He looks honesty and studied hard，especially in the next few years in the university, I found he usually tried something new and made them true.
	He was usually working-hard for everything. There was a thing that made me impressed about his standard Chinese. As he lived a small city where the people speak dialect and he also speaks like this. But when he came to the city where people speak standard Chinese, he realized it was important and necessary to speak standard Chinese well. After that, he practiced speak standard Chinese everyday and every place. Especially, the snow is often very heavy in our city, he wen to playground in the snow to practice loudly as he didn’t disturb his roommate in his dormitory. Finally, he can speak standard Chinese well.
	In additional, he had many new ideas and he has strong interesting in technology and get many rewards in university. At the first academic year, he as the leader of the team took part in our university science and technology innovation competition. At that time, he applied for the competition, built the team, discussed each other in the team and so on. Lastly, they finished the technology product and got reward. Then, the next few academic years, he almost took part in science and technology competition and got rewards respectively.
Although his average academic score is not high, only about 73, I still think he was also a good student since he always working-hard and try to have new idea, like science and technology products and according to it to make new one.
I think he is qualified to study the program named Computer science , and he can finish the master’s degree , therefore I highly recommend him to enroll your university. I hope you can think about his application.

Yours Sincerely
Wangxin
class advisor
Harbin Huade University
